Welcome to First Aid Angel. In any emergency,
remember the seven steps of DRSABCD — your
action plan for saving a life.
D is for Danger. Check the area for
anything that could harm you, bystanders, or the
casualty — traffic, fire, electricity, or water.
R is for Response. Tap the shoulders and
ask loudly: can you hear me? Squeeze the
hand. If there is no response, act fast.
S is for Send for help. Call emergency
services on 911 immediately, or ask a bystander
to call and report back to you.
A is for Airway. Tilt the head back
gently and lift the chin to open the
airway. Clear any visible obstructions.
B is for Breathing. Look, listen and feel
for normal breathing for up to ten seconds.
If absent or abnormal, begin CPR.
C is for CPR. Give thirty chest compressions
at one hundred to one hundred twenty per
minute, followed by two rescue breaths. Continue until
help arrives.
D is for Defibrillation. Attach an AED as
soon as one is available and follow the
voice prompts. Continue CPR until the device tells
you otherwise.
You are now an Angel in someone's emergency.
Learn more and find an AED near you
at firstaidangel.org.